chore: add a security policy and reporting (#1049)
kosli-dev/cli: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> Only v2 2of CLI is currently supported! Please try and use the latest release before reporting an issue.

Author: ```suggestion
Only `v2` of the Kosli CLI is currently supported! Please try and use the latest release before reporting an issue.
```
